#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aio-pika==9.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiogoogle
aiogoogle==5.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiogoogle
aiormq==6.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aio-pika
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aiosqlite==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
alembic==1.13.3
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchgod
apscheduler==3.10.4
    # via -r requirements.in
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via pwdlib
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
asyncpg
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiogoogle
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
bcrypt==4.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pwdlib
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click
    #   pytest
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyjwt
django==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-debug-toolbar
django-debug-toolbar==4.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   email-validator
email-validator==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-users
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
faker==12.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mixer
fastapi==0.115.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-users
fastapi-users==13.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-users-db-sqlalchemy
fastapi-users-db-sqlalchemy==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flake8==7.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-freezegun
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-auth==2.35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiogoogle
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-telegram-bot
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
lock==2018.3.25.2110
    # via -r requirements.in
makefun==1.15.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-users
mako==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mako
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
mixer==7.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
pamqp==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiormq
passlib==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
peewee==3.17.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pwdlib[argon2,bcrypt]==0.2.0
    # via fastapi-users
py==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-users
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest==8.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-freezegun
    #   pytest-lazy-fixture
    #   pytest-pythonpath
pytest-asyncio==0.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-freezegun==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-lazy-fixture==0.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-pythonpath==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-users
python-telegram-bot==21.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apscheduler
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.3
    # via -r requirements.in
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apscheduler
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
sqlalchemy[asyncio]==2.0.35
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   fastapi-users-db-sqlalchemy
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
starlette==0.38.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
toml==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tomli==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tonyg-rfc3339==0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiogoogle
tornado==6.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiosqlite
    #   alembic
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   tzlocal
tzlocal==5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apscheduler
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.31.0
    # via -r requirements.in
watchgod==0.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
websockets==13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aio-pika
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiormq
